Officer Meeting December 19, 2017

jenshane edited this page Apr 26, 2018 · 1 revision

Officer and Trustee Meeting

December 19, 2017

Minutes of the Regular Meeting of the Board of Trustees of Fair Use Building and Research Labs A New Jersey Nonprofit Organization held December 19, 2017 at the Organization's space. The meeting was brought to order at 7:45 pm by Eric Rivas, Chairperson and President. Quorum was established.

The following board members were present:

  • Eric Rivas, President
  • Beth Ritter-Guth, Vice President
  • Jenny Shane, Secretary
  • Neil Flynn, Treasurer
  • Zoltan Sisko, Trustee
  • Rick Anderson, Trustee

The following board members were electronically present:

  • Jean Consorti, Trustee

The following members were present: Hampton Sailor, Star Morin, Kung Lo, Joe M.

Reports

President

State of the Space:

Goals for the next year:

  • Improve organization and bureaucracy
  • Make the space more inviting to current and prospective members, or donors.
    • Improve space visibility for visitors with outdoor signage.
    • More regular events (possibly taking place on Open Hack Night, to interest visitors), like game night and movie night
    • Streamline application process
    • Showcase member projects, put more effort into decorating the space with art and cool stuff
    • Improve rule documentation so people understand the space better
    • Improve web presence

Vice President

Website: still wordpress, now mobile friendly, added regular events. Future goals: - Not wordpress, - Easily updatable

Calendar: improve visibility of social events, design process for organizing events that cost money.

Grants: Need better financial processes so we can pursue funding

Secretary

Nothing to report

Treasurer

Will have dedicated new equipment fund, separate from operations.

All money for classes must go through cash register.

Cash register malfunction to be resolved.

Shop Foreman

New high quality blade on bandsaw to be run at slow speed.

Built an enclosure for shapeoko, ready for installation of limit switches

Space Stuff

State of New Jersey Annual Report(Eric)

Required to file annual report with officers names.

Revising the membership application(Eric)

When people submit an application, they don’t know who to talk to after. Could re-add single sponsor as point of contact.

Add sponsor name and membership meeting date to take-away page.

Revised application for review next meeting.

Shop Rules

Shop needs safety rules posted at the entrance

Clear delineation of where the shop begins

Hampton: Each machine could have an expert who is responsible for knowledge of the machine. Beth: People could donate the knowledge to create videos for the machines they are knowledgeable about. Zoltan: A video is not a replacement for an expert. Jenny: Could we have intro classes for each machine several times per year for new members. Beth: Could have member wall listing expertise of members who are willing to advise in those areas.

Beth has volunteered to poll members on willingness to participate in member wall.

Neil: People need to wear safety goggles!

People need to make sure that people are courteous of others teaching classes. Hampton: Can we improve the lounge for teaching classes? More table space and make screen easier to use.

Neil: Need to make sure people aren’t making noise in the shop during open hack.

Workshop/Class procedures

Jean is developing a form for people who want to run a class or workshop that will detail costs for the class and how those costs will be handled. This will require organizers to lay out costs ahead of time.

Beth: (Sidebar about grants) We have to carefully consider if we are willing and able to handle the obligations and structure that come with grant money. Must keep in mind Fubar’s Bora Bora principle. Rick: We could work to set up spanish-speaking fablab in the area. Beth: Let’s work to have one year of books with new procedures for next grant season.

Membership Newsletter/Public Newsletter

Jean wants to do a quarterly newsletter for members. She is volunteering to get members to write blurbs about what they’ve been up to.

Holistic Standardized IT Infrastructure

Tabled- Steven Mercurio not here

Past Events

Women’s Coding Coalition (Beth and Jenny)

Still going well! Attracting a variety of women who wouldn’t otherwise come to fubar.

Getting Started with Micropython

Rick: Difficulties with the technology during the class, but the microbit is cool.

Arduino 101 (Hampton)

Class has five consistent attendees. Website for documentation so that people can see what’s been covered in the class, and possibly teach again in the future.

Future Events

Open Hack Sunday

Have to cancel next two Sundays

Pure Data Workshop (Star)

Four classes, happening January 7th

Game Night

Second Saturdays

Movie Night

First Saturdays, Ben Jorritsma is organizing, open to public. Anime themed.

Also possible to have member only movie nights

Membership

Associate Membership Review

  1. Bill French - Unanimous vote by present board members to continue associate membership
  2. Bill George - Unanimous vote by present board members to continue associate membership
  3. Phil Gillhaus - Transitioning to full member
  4. Kung Lo - Unanimous vote by present board members to continue associate membership

Termination

Reinstatement

  1. Paul DeMello - Unanimous vote by present board members to reinstate membership

The meeting was adjourned at 9:10 pm.

Jenny Shane Secretary

You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.